gloo/cli/pkg/cmd: Upgrade follows semver instead of temporal  structure (#5922)
solo-io/gloo: docs/content/reference/cli/glooctl_upgrade.md

```
  -h, --help             help for upgrade
      --path string      Desired path for your upgraded glooctl binary. Defaults to the location of your currently executing binary.

>       --release string   Which glooctl release to download. Specify a release tag corresponding to the desired version of glooctl or specify experimental to get bleeding edge release. (default "latest")

Reviewer: Maybe tweak the bleeding edge part
```suggestion
      --release string   Which glooctl release to download. Specify a release tag corresponding to the desired version of glooctl, or enter "experimental" to use the version currently under development. (default "latest")
```
